raagam you brought pillows I brought
pillows do you have hemorrhoids no I've
been watching your show yeah I know what
you're up to
up to I saw it last week Sean Penn look
like a head in a box
you know he was it was tiny President
Obama tiny say listen I'm gonna be on
your level man I think you're a good
deal tour all right yeah yeah well I
don't know what to say about that but
welcome it's good to have you there let
me just tell you he's just gonna muck up
your camera angle no it's perfectly fine
we can handle it we'll just pretend like
Kobe Bryant is here or something you
know it's I have the saying I think
maybe this is odd it's weird to see you
in regular clothes and you look great
but think I am used to seeing you in
that period garb and you get that a lot
I would assume yeah well yes actually I
remember I went on a morning show with
Barbara Walters uh you know I was
wearing jeans and she literally kept
tapping my knee saying you should not be
wearing jeans oh you should nothing very
jesus-y because she thought I should be
wearing the full white tie and Tails
which is why I'm wearing this now
because I don't want you touching my
thigh or judg'd over unless you want
your knees touched I will not touch your
knees oh go on
but Barbara thank you yes you're welcome
finally Jim Jimmy Kimmel touch my knee I
was like boys
[Music]
to Los Angeles is it fun for you to come
visit here I did I've been here a few
times over the years it was the first
time he came the first time I came was
to do a table read for a pilot for a
show and coincidentally at the same time
I was I was working on a project with a
British producer and she said I'm
staying with my great friend up in the
hills why not come over for breakfast
and we can talk through the script that
we're working on together and before you
go off to work so I said okay so I got a
car up there and press the buzzer on
these gates as asked and the gate swung
open and the housekeeper said oh please
come in your your friend Norma is in the
guest suite I'll just wait waiting here
should be down in a minute over in a
minute
so I go in and I say I'm sitting in this
walking standing in this living room and
I look around and there's a that's a
Monet there's a MANET there's a is is
that a Picasso I'm not sure and I'm
looking around and this and then I go
into I sort of sneak into another room
and there's a whole cabinet full of
awards I have absolutely no idea whose
house I'm in and I sort of sneak around
another corner and there's this
ginormous photograph of Michael
Jackson's you know sign saying you know
lots of love - I couldn't read the
writing and and then my friend Norma she
appears out of the guest suite and says
oh hi let's go and have a breakfast and
chat and I said don't forget that who's
flipping house am I in you know and she
says oh my great friend Elizabeth Taylor
oh yeah and I said you mean you mean
she's she's here yes it was her birthday
yesterday but she's having a lie-in
because we stayed up late opening
presents early
coming into this talk business I
couldn't talk business I just sat there
all through breakfast game I mean it's
hard to talk where do you go from there
yeah anyway are you from an acting
family as a is it like theatre yeah
know what I was not very very fortunate
my family loved going to the theatre and
going to you know engaging with the arts
but no my family was medical my parents
met at when my father was training to be
a doctor and my mum was a nurse but by
the time I was growing up she was well
she took a job when I was about 10 I
mean she'd given up being a nurse of
being a
the kids and so on and but then she
started doing a job filing in in in
London in an office and so occasionally
dad and I would drop her off as she went
off to work and I'd go on errands with
him and then she retired and many many
many years later I opened a newspaper in
London newspaper and there was a
photograph of of her office building and
it said mi6 building to be sold for
development mi6 being the British
equivalent of the CIA and I rang her and
I said mum this was your office building
was it called century house your office
building and she said yes dear and I
said but that's where you went to do
filing and she said yes dear I said were
you in mi6 and she said I'm just going
out to the garden to do some gardening
and the strangest follow-up to that was
I mentioned this on a radio station in
the UK and a few days later I got a
phone call surreal from mi6 saying from
the primitive press office or from the
PR department saying we're you know
we're trying to get the chaps and the
girls to you know which would be a bit
more transparent here and a bit more
inclusive and some of the chaps fooling
the girls they feel a bit lonely
sometimes because obviously the work
they do is very you know protected and
we're having these lunchtime chats from
people from the outside who come in and
talk about influences on their lives and
so I said would you come along and talk
about people who have influenced your
life and so I did and it was the
strangest thing going into this lecture
theatre with about a hundred people
sitting there literally with the little
plastic boxes and their sandwiches all
working for the Secret Service just you
know having their lunch break as I
talked about people who'd influenced me
mainly my mom and it was really peculiar
tell you anything about what she did
there well that was that was the own
thing at the end of it and this was
rather touching at the end this guy
about my age came up and said by the way
I worked with your mum and this was my
mom had passed away a couple of years
ago and so this was a real strange
connection with a world I obviously
never knew anything about I said look
obviously you're not going to I don't
need to know I'm not going to ask what
my mum did here but she was said she
just you know she did filing and that's
fine
he said
yeah yeah I suppose yes she did do
filing yeah but our department was you
know back in the day when I he said when
I first started I was eighteen years old
and she was sort of you know one of the
senior people in the department and we
sort of had to organize all the
intercepts that came in overnight and
make sure they were getting in the right
order and got to the right desk at the
right time so yeah it was filing but it
was interesting finally her mom was a
spy he wasn't a spy she was she was
[Laughter]
[Applause]
touched by this strange connection to
that past yeah I would think so because
she never rash obviously never talked
about and she went to her grave and I
asked my dad after she passed away you
know did she ever talk about that he
said never yeah we don't talk about
stuff in our house either we don't know
what my dad did for work but he wasn't a
spy we know the series Downton Abbey
does the movie pick up where the series
left off is that how it's gonna work
well with the TV show ended in in 1926
yeah I mean nobody's ended in 2016 but
it's the story 4590 26 and the movie
picks up in about 18 months later I see
oh all right yeah so he isn't one of
those TV shows that goes to movies that
sort of moves to the South Pacific or
something like right it's it's still the
story of the Crawley family and the
people who live and work on the estate
of Downton Abbey and life is not just on
a bit so it's it's it's just the same
characters most of the nearly all the
same characters taking us on another
little chapter of their story well it's
great to me you're great to have you
here that movie is called Downton Abbey
the movie it opens in theaters tomorrow
Hugh Bonneville everyone I am Jimmy
Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos